[DOCS] Align with ILM API docs (#48705)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/slm/index.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[testenv="basic"]
[[snapshot-lifecycle-management]]
= Managing the snapshot lifecycle

[partintro]
--
You can set up snapshot lifecycle policies to automate the timing, frequency, and retention of snapshots. 
Snapshot policies can apply to multiple indices. 

> Like ILM, snapshot lifecycle management (SLM) is supported by a set of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like {ilm-init}, {slm} ({slm-init}) is supported by a set of 
```

<<snapshot-lifecycle-management-api, CRUD APIs>>
that enable you to manage snapshot lifecycle policies. 

> You can also manually trigger a snapshot policy and start and stop SLM.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also manually trigger a snapshot policy and start and stop {slm-init}.  
```
